add runtime .25 to latest-updates (#1690)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/latest-updates.mdx

{/* use url format /api/qiskit/release-notes/X.X to link to the specific X.X version of the release notes */}

### Qiskit Runtime IBM Client 0.25.0

*To see the release notes for all versions, visit the [Qiskit Runtime IBM Client release notes](/api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/release-notes).*

> **Highlights from the 0.25.0 (03 July 2024) version release**

Reviewer: Here the date is `03 July 2024`, but the date for 0.24 was `2024-06-10`

Author: yeahhh - I put mine in the style-guidelines-approved format but .24 was in the format that the release notes used.  I'll make them consistent.

#### Deprecation notes

> - The `optimization_level` option in EstimatorV2 is deprecated. Instead, you can perform circuit optimization using the [Qiskit transpiler](transpile) or [Qiskit transpiler service](qiskit-transpiler-service).

Reviewer: Alternatively we can say `EstimatorV2` to indicate we're talking about the class. 

```suggestion
- The `optimization_level` option in Estimator V2 is deprecated. Instead, you can perform circuit optimization using the [Qiskit transpiler](transpile) or [Qiskit transpiler service](qiskit-transpiler-service).
```

- Interim results have been deprecated, including the [`interim_results()`](/api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/qiskit_ibm_runtime.RuntimeJobV2#interim_results) and [`stream_results()`](api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/qiskit_ibm_runtime.RuntimeJobV2#stream_results) methods.

#### New features

- Jobs now have an [`instance`](/api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/qiskit_ibm_runtime.RuntimeJobV2#instance) property that returns the instance that was used for the job.
- `default_shots` is now a supported option when using EstimatorV2 in [local testing mode](local-testing-mode).

See the full [0.25.0 release notes](/api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/release-notes#0250-2024-07-02).
{/* use url format /api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/release-notes#0XYZ to link to the specific 0.XY.Z version of the release notes */}

> ### Qiskit Runtime IBM Client 0.24.0

Reviewer 2: Should this be removed?

Author: We're discussing that with @javabster

Reviewer 3: Consensus: we'll keep the latest 3 months, to be parallel with the SDK releases
